Global subroutine to import fields from fld files (gfldr) (#2325)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: CHANGELOG.md

## Develop

> - Introduces a global subroutine `import_fields` to read and import fld data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `import_fields`: a subroutine to read and import fld data,
```
